<<<<<<< HEAD
com/example/java_test/design/strategy/Iterator/DinerMenu.java
 com.example.java_test.design.strategy.Iterator.DinerMenu
com/example/java_test/design/strategy/decorator/Test.java
 com.example.java_test.design.strategy.decorator.Test
com/example/java_test/design/strategy/MuteQuack.java
 com.example.java_test.design.strategy.MuteQuack
com/example/java_test/design/strategy/observer/WeatherData.java
 com.example.java_test.design.strategy.observer.WeatherData
com/example/java_test/design/strategy/factory/CheesePizza.java
 com.example.java_test.design.strategy.factory.CheesePizza
=======
com/example/java_test/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.java_test.BuildConfig
com/example/java_test/structure/MyQueue.java
 com.example.java_test.structure.MyQueue
 com.example.java_test.structure.MyQueue$Node
com/example/java_test/sort/QuickSort.java
 com.example.java_test.sort.QuickSort
com/example/java_test/structure/StackDemo.java
 com.example.java_test.structure.StackDemo
com/example/java_test/StackTest.java
 com.example.java_test.StackTest
com/example/java_test/QueueTest.java
 com.example.java_test.QueueTest
>>>>>>> d19e3a89b23c78c9585fb5e3921c5d912a5577ae
com/example/java_test/structure/TreeNode.java
 com.example.java_test.structure.TreeNode
com/example/java_test/MyLinkedList.java
 com.example.java_test.MyLinkedList
 com.example.java_test.MyLinkedList$Node
<<<<<<< HEAD
com/example/java_test/TreeNode.java
 com.example.java_test.TreeNode
com/example/java_test/design/strategy/adapter/ReallyTurkey.java
 com.example.java_test.design.strategy.adapter.ReallyTurkey
com/example/java_test/structure/StackDemo.java
 com.example.java_test.structure.StackDemo
com/example/java_test/design/strategy/Iterator/Waitress.java
 com.example.java_test.design.strategy.Iterator.Waitress
com/example/java_test/design/strategy/Iterator/MenuItem.java
 com.example.java_test.design.strategy.Iterator.MenuItem
com/example/java_test/design/strategy/command/SimpleRemoteControl.java
 com.example.java_test.design.strategy.command.SimpleRemoteControl
com/example/java_test/design/strategy/FlyWithNo.java
 com.example.java_test.design.strategy.FlyWithNo
com/example/java_test/design/strategy/QuackBehavior.java
 com.example.java_test.design.strategy.QuackBehavior
com/example/java_test/design/strategy/factory/PizzaStore.java
 com.example.java_test.design.strategy.factory.PizzaStore
com/example/java_test/design/strategy/Test.java
 com.example.java_test.design.strategy.Test
com/example/java_test/QueueTest.java
 com.example.java_test.QueueTest
com/example/java_test/design/strategy/Duck.java
 com.example.java_test.design.strategy.Duck
com/example/java_test/design/strategy/FlyWithWings.java
 com.example.java_test.design.strategy.FlyWithWings
com/example/java_test/design/strategy/adapter/MallardDuck.java
 com.example.java_test.design.strategy.adapter.MallardDuck
com/example/java_test/design/strategy/command/Light.java
 com.example.java_test.design.strategy.command.Light
com/example/java_test/design/strategy/Quack.java
 com.example.java_test.design.strategy.Quack
com/example/java_test/design/strategy/observer/Test.java
 com.example.java_test.design.strategy.observer.Test
com/example/java_test/design/strategy/factory/Sauce.java
 com.example.java_test.design.strategy.factory.Sauce
com/example/java_test/design/strategy/factory/NYPizzaStore.java
 com.example.java_test.design.strategy.factory.NYPizzaStore
com/example/java_test/design/strategy/adapter/Turkey.java
 com.example.java_test.design.strategy.adapter.Turkey
com/example/java_test/design/strategy/command/Command.java
 com.example.java_test.design.strategy.command.Command
com/example/java_test/sort/QuickSort.java
 com.example.java_test.sort.QuickSort
com/example/java_test/design/strategy/MallardDuck.java
 com.example.java_test.design.strategy.MallardDuck
com/example/java_test/design/strategy/FlyBehavior.java
 com.example.java_test.design.strategy.FlyBehavior
com/example/java_test/design/strategy/adapter/Test.java
 com.example.java_test.design.strategy.adapter.Test
com/example/java_test/design/strategy/factory/PizzaIngredientFactory.java
 com.example.java_test.design.strategy.factory.PizzaIngredientFactory
com/example/java_test/design/strategy/adapter/TurkeyAdapter.java
 com.example.java_test.design.strategy.adapter.TurkeyAdapter
com/example/java_test/design/strategy/observer/Subject.java
 com.example.java_test.design.strategy.observer.Subject
com/example/java_test/structure/MyQueue.java
 com.example.java_test.structure.MyQueue
 com.example.java_test.structure.MyQueue$Node
com/example/java_test/design/strategy/factory/Pizza.java
 com.example.java_test.design.strategy.factory.Pizza
com/example/java_test/design/strategy/factory/Test.java
 com.example.java_test.design.strategy.factory.Test
com/example/java_test/design/strategy/decorator/Mocha.java
 com.example.java_test.design.strategy.decorator.Mocha
com/example/java_test/design/strategy/factory/Chess.java
 com.example.java_test.design.strategy.factory.Chess
com/example/java_test/design/strategy/Iterator/Iterator.java
 com.example.java_test.design.strategy.Iterator.Iterator
com/example/java_test/design/strategy/observer/CurrentDisplay.java
 com.example.java_test.design.strategy.observer.CurrentDisplay
com/example/java_test/design/strategy/singleton/Singleton.java
 com.example.java_test.design.strategy.singleton.Singleton
com/example/java_test/design/strategy/decorator/Beverage.java
 com.example.java_test.design.strategy.decorator.Beverage
com/example/java_test/StackTest.java
 com.example.java_test.StackTest
com/example/java_test/design/strategy/decorator/Espresso.java
 com.example.java_test.design.strategy.decorator.Espresso
com/example/java_test/design/strategy/Squeak.java
 com.example.java_test.design.strategy.Squeak
com/example/java_test/design/strategy/Iterator/PancakeMenu.java
 com.example.java_test.design.strategy.Iterator.PancakeMenu
com/example/java_test/design/strategy/factory/Dough.java
 com.example.java_test.design.strategy.factory.Dough
com/example/java_test/design/strategy/factory/NYPizzaIngredientFactory.java
 com.example.java_test.design.strategy.factory.NYPizzaIngredientFactory
com/example/java_test/design/strategy/Iterator/DinerMenuIterator.java
 com.example.java_test.design.strategy.Iterator.DinerMenuIterator
com/example/java_test/design/strategy/Iterator/Test.java
 com.example.java_test.design.strategy.Iterator.Test
com/example/java_test/design/strategy/observer/Observer.java
 com.example.java_test.design.strategy.observer.Observer
com/example/java_test/design/strategy/decorator/CondimentDecorator.java
 com.example.java_test.design.strategy.decorator.CondimentDecorator
com/example/java_test/design/strategy/adapter/Duck.java
 com.example.java_test.design.strategy.adapter.Duck
com/example/java_test/design/strategy/Iterator/PancakeMenuIterator.java
 com.example.java_test.design.strategy.Iterator.PancakeMenuIterator
com/example/java_test/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.java_test.BuildConfig
com/example/java_test/design/strategy/factory/ClamPizza.java
 com.example.java_test.design.strategy.factory.ClamPizza
com/example/java_test/design/strategy/command/Test.java
 com.example.java_test.design.strategy.command.Test
com/example/java_test/design/strategy/command/LightOnCommand.java
 com.example.java_test.design.strategy.command.LightOnCommand
com/example/java_test/design/strategy/decorator/HouseBlend.java
 com.example.java_test.design.strategy.decorator.HouseBlend
=======
com/example/java_test/Test.java
 com.example.java_test.Test
 com.example.java_test.Test$1
com/example/java_test/TreeNode.java
 com.example.java_test.TreeNode
>>>>>>> d19e3a89b23c78c9585fb5e3921c5d912a5577ae
